[Music]
Okay, let's watch Pablo's video
before the statement because it's
a lot of text and it's better to see it on
video. No, we're not going to see it live here, no, I do
n't want to gossip, but
it's a legal issue and such, what about
Miare and Dasas, okay, because Well, it
seems that Miare posted some tweet
saying things That aren't
entirely correct, eh, eh, let's explain, eh,
Miare was convicted in the first instance
of two crimes, one for
misappropriation and another for, uh,
gross disobedience, okay. What did gross
disobedience consist of for keeping the
dog and not handing it over, and
gross misappropriation for keeping the
dog and not handing it over, well then they
appeal to the provincial court. And what does
the judge of the provincial court say, in
my opinion, with good judgment, that it
is an ideal competition of crimes, that is to say,
keeping the dog constitutes
at the same time a crime. Well, officially,
the second episode of Don't
Tell Your Mommy Please begins and they sent us a little
greeting and also a greeting to  people
listen to see if you determine
who that person is who is
sending us a little greeting Okay let's go
hello to all the podcast listeners do
n't tell you finally
eh And nothing that maybe someday maybe well
appear around here Kisses to everyone and
especially to Mex vergas to ler and to eh eh Because
Now it seems that we are the most
best friends in the whole world no
debate debate what
special guest guest is coming
wow Let's see well This is simply Eh
well it's something that no longer
surprises us they didn't interact publicly
no Then let them send audio Well okay Let's
see a good group no I don't know
well I like people to get along
with people of their affinity No, I don't
know, not serious disobedience and it
constitutes at the same time a crime mother of
em let's see if Tania gets together either no
eh appropriation inter an audio ar RAE
but since you can't punish twice
for the same conduct the most
serious one applies was a charity live Javi
Because I've never seen so many
sick people together XD  kiss Kevin handsome
the joke came out a little bad the
truth is okay we have explained this it is not
possible they do not usually of a crime
because the same fact is condemned
for another penalty the part in which
raed's girlfriend defends him for the audio
in which he yells at his ex But
when was that or rather this that was
today yesterday because this They just
sent it to me now but they sent it to me
an hour ago or rather it is a t from an
hour ago it was today well the subject of the crime
okay I come back to it because the two crimes
are or rather the two convictions for are for the
same acts with two
different crimes so in Spain you cannot
punish twice for the same act
okay This is this is regulated the
ideal concurrence of crimes is regulated
in article 77 of the Penal Code
so eh the provincial I says that
well then yes she must be punished
for serious disobedience for remaining
like a dog about
absorbing the father miare's father
miare's father was accused of
forgery of a public document Why
for falsifying the chip of Argos to make it
pass  for another dog from the same
litter named Marlos etcetera etcetera
etcetera well the provincial court does not
deny the criminal court, in other
words, it leaves unchanged what the
criminal court said that Marlos is
Argos, that makes it clear. Well in fact,
if I'm not mistaken, it makes a
statement that it is the same
dog and
[Music]
so let's see This has to be gold
eh What it says, it says that the sentence
is not well founded for two things
specifically One because it does not specify
what is the specific document that
Miare's father has falsified, is it a
certificate to send to the
shelter, is it the chip itself Which one is it,
okay, because it does not explain it well When it
comes out, will you make an extendable one by playing it
shirtless, we have to get rid of
the Cris Chan series first, eh, I mean,
we have a lot of things to accumulate and what to
do, eh And when GTA comes out, we will have to
find the gap, eh, I mean, I think that
I should definitely get a divorce
and stop giving my children custody of me,
even the last name, probably to
fit the  GTA in our lives not the
criminal court and two that does not specify the
detriment of others That is to say for there to be
a falsification of a
public document it has to be done to the
detriment of another person if no
one is harmed then there is no falsification
in this case the criminal court did
not establish in the sentence exactly
to the detriment of who it was going to be an
error of this is a [ __ ] eh I mean
this is a [ __ ] the criminal because it
seems evident that it was to the detriment of
Dallas not that false document is
made to harm Dallas and to
deprive him of his possession the chat of gibel
with the 15 year old girl was sent to you by a
participant in the last debate of the
talk show it comes out at minute 2:20 of the
debate on the sel Channel the chat of
gibel with the 15 year old girl was sent to you by a
participant in the last debate of the
talk show to me well I have not received it let's
see if I have received it if I have it in the
mds inbox well I tell you well I have
not opened it Let's see it's complicated I
have a lot a lot of mds on
Instagram and Twitter but come on  I'll see, I'll
see. If that's so, but what
is an escape that they are doing to him now
or what in this case of the dog well.
Then Miare's father, eh, they
acquitted him due to lack of motivation of the
sentence, let's say it there, but the
rest of the pronouncement leaves us
unchanged in the sense that eh, since it does not
enter into whether Argos is
Marlos and such, that leaves it with the rest of the
pronouncements remain unchanged, that is to
say, it leaves it as it was in the
criminal judiciary, that is to say, once again it is
demonstrated that Argos or that Marlos is Argos is
not included in several
pronouncements of the sentence.
For example, the judge in his sentence, the
criminal judge says that
testimony should be deduced to charge
Miare's brother with the crime of false testimony
and another witness that I don't remember
who it is, therefore, the prosecutor will now
file a complaint for false
testimony against Miare's brother and
against another person. If the
prosecutor's office that is going to present it does not present it, it
could almost undoubtedly do so. Dallas because it
is basically mandated by the judge to
file that complaint. Well,
now about the delivery  that was this
week the delivery let's see what
this I already explained on some occasion
Dallas already explained it and such I already
explained it to him eh by the way I don't
lead this matter okay this matter is
led by Ricardo a great professional
a magnificent lawyer who who is the one who
previously handled all of
Dallas's matters now I handle some of him and
Ricardo the ones that have to do
with Miara and such that followed the matter Well
obviously he knows the matter better than I do and
what and well and Ricardo is the
lawyer who is also handling the matter of
a kiss in cosai the matter of
Joan Plana because because he led the the the
first trial then he is
handling this for me also because of the issue
that he is the one who knows the first
procedure and what I have with my
father he is also handling him for the issue
of the same thing I met him through Dallas
So he already knows the story he knows
about these people and everything The Movida no
then Well I prefer that when a
lawyer already handles a matter with someone with
people that he continues handling it
he is handling it okay So whether  wins
as if he loses it is not for one thing or
another that is why do not give me any
merits or demerits It is not my thing I am
only explaining what is happening well
eh about the delivery Oh by the way and
before I forget eh the court
comes to tell both the
complainant and the accused and such that they
can go to eh 701 it is Let me
read yes to go to article 701 of the
civil procedure law and what
that article says literally when the
title when the executive title, that is to say
here there was a civil trial there was a
civil trial in which the
ownership of Argos was established and it was established that
that eh property belonged to Dallas well
then that must be executed and in fact an
attempt was made to execute and it was when Miare
said that the dog had lost it
etcetera etcetera And that is why now they have
put him in for serious disobedience well
Article 701 says when the
executive title is detached The Duty to
deliver certain and determined movable property
and the executed party does not carry
out the delivery within the  period that has been
granted which is what the
attorney for the administration of Justice has passed,
the former judicial secretaries
responsible for the execution, will put the
executor, the executor, that is to say
Dallas, in possession of the thing of life,
using for this purpose the constraints that he deems
necessary. If it were necessary to
proceed with this, that is what he is
telling you, no. So in the end,
this that Pablo is explaining is
a bit the same as what we talked about, I saw
his tweet that they also told me that he posted
a tweet, eh, How is Pablo's Twitter?
What is Pablo's Twitter like because I can't see
Pablo, or rather, what is it? How was
Pablo's Twitter? How come he doesn't have
Twitter, yes, he has Twitter, man, if they
sent me a screenshot before, what happens
now is that I don't remember who sent it to me.
Oh no, it's not Twitter, of course, I mean, it's not Twitter, it
's that statement that we did
n't want to read. No, of course, it's not that it's
another statement, okay, look, this was like
that, it says, let's see, it seems that people are
not clear about what the appeal judgment says, I
literally copy the
proven facts, proven facts, the
account of the
proven facts contained in the
appealed judgment is partially accepted, which literally  He says it has been
proven that on January 30th ta ta ta
well here he is commenting on the subject of
eh dog eh on January 30th 2018 m
miare stated that she had lost the dog
being summoned to testify on
July 31st where she reiterated the loss, in other words
she lied in court uncle my mother had
given the dog to his parents who
hid it in their private home and
that when they caught him with the dog the
dog had a different chit or so
basically This is what the
sentence says and according to the people according to the
people at some point well no the
sentence does not recognize that the dog is
the same well according to the people according to these
people one miare lied by
saying that she had lost the dog two that she
gave the dog to her parents three that
miar's father gave it a
different chit number But it is not known
through whom these are the
proven facts This is the judicial truth and
this is what the provincial court
has said that marl is actually something and
that it must be returned to its owner yes
but there is a part  I think he
put miar in his video here is the
part okay here is the part This is
about returning to the father okay And this is what
they understand and This is what
they understand as that they do not have to
return the dog Of course but here it says
the sentence has not been fulfilled and there is an
executive title dispatched without
the alternatives provided for in
article 701 having been exhausted What does it say what does
article 701 of the civil procedure law say Article
701 what it tells you is basically either you
charge me or you don't charge me son of a [ __ ]
article 701 of the civil procedure what it
tells you is that he has to return the
dog okay that he has to find out where it is
and if not then he will go to the police at
his house what Pablo said
basically is in summary all of this but
well Look if you want if you want
you can look for it Okay if you want
you can look for it and read it well there
I have the confusion let's see the confusion
I understand m that we see we see what my
uncle eh I understand that the article
701 m what he's telling you is that the
dog does have to be returned but let's see
what I understand is that it's quite
probable that instead of this appointment
this week he'll have to deliver it
that way okay And then that
way These people will drag it out they'll say
that the dog isn't there I don't know something like that is what
I'm doing I'm not clear about it
eh I'm not clear about it but it's more or less
something like that eh I'm not clear about it but it's more or
less something like that
[Music]